Fix tiptap<->room sync issue (#2228)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/api-reference/liveblocks-yjs.mdx

[`Awareness.off("destroyed")`]: #Awareness.off.destroyed
[`Awareness.once("destroyed")`]: #Awareness.once.destroyed
[`Awareness.emit("destroyed")`]: #Awareness.emit.destroyed

## getYjsProviderForRoom [#getYjsProviderForRoom]

> Factory function to get a LiveblocksYjsProvider for a room. This provider will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets the current or creates a new LiveblocksYjsProvider for a room. This provider will
```
